
## License
THE WORK (AS DEFINED BELOW) IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMSOF THIS CREATIVE COMMONS PUBLIC LICENSE ("CCPL" OR"LICENSE"). THE WORK IS PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT AND/OR OTHERAPPLICABLE LAW. ANY USE OF THE WORK OTHER THAN ASAUTHORIZED UNDER THIS LICENSE OR COPYRIGHT LAW ISPROHIBITED.
BY EXERCISING ANY RIGHTS TO THE WORK PROVIDED HERE, YOUACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE.TO THE EXTENT THIS LICENSE MAY BE CONSIDERED TO BE ACONTRACT, THE LICENSOR GRANTS YOU THE RIGHTS CONTAINED HEREIN CONSIDERATION OF YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH TERMS ANDCONDITIONS.
1. Definitions

1. "Adaptation" means a work based uponthe Work, or upon the Work and other pre-existing works,such as a translation, adaptation, derivative work,arrangement of music or other alterations of a literaryor artistic work, or phonogram or performance andincludes cinematographic adaptations or any other form inwhich the Work may be recast, transformed, or adaptedincluding in any form recognizably derived from theoriginal, except that a work that constitutes aCollection will not be considered an Adaptation for thepurpose of this License. For the avoidance of doubt,where the Work is a musical work, performance orphonogram, the synchronization of the Work intimed-relation with a moving image ("synching") will beconsidered an Adaptation for the purpose of thisLicense.
2. "Collection" means a collection ofliterary or artistic works, such as encyclopedias andanthologies, or performances, phonograms or broadcasts,or other works or subject matter other than works listedin Section 1(f) below, which, by reason of the selectionand arrangement of their contents, constituteintellectual creations, in which the Work is included inits entirety in unmodified form along with one or moreother contributions, each constituting separate andindependent works in themselves, which together areassembled into a collective whole. A work thatconstitutes a Collection will not be considered anAdaptation (as defined below) for the purposes of thisLicense.
3. "Creative Commons CompatibleLicense" means a license that is listed athttps://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses that hasbeen approved by Creative Commons as being essentiallyequivalent to this License, including, at a minimum,because that license: (i) contains terms that have thesame purpose, meaning and effect as the License Elementsof this License; and, (ii) explicitly permits therelicensing of adaptations of works made available underthat license under this License or a Creative Commonsjurisdiction license with the same License Elements asthis License.
4. "Distribute" means to make availableto the public the original and copies of the Work orAdaptation, as appropriate, through sale or othertransfer of ownership.
5. "License Elements" means thefollowing high-level license attributes as selected byLicensor and indicated in the title of this License:Attribution, ShareAlike.
6. "Licensor" means the individual,individuals, entity or entities that offer(s) the Workunder the terms of this License.
7. "Original Author" means, in the caseof a literary or artistic work, the individual,individuals, entity or entities who created the Work orif no individual or entity can be identified, thepublisher; and in addition (i) in the case of aperformance the actors, singers, musicians, dancers, andother persons who act, sing, deliver, declaim, play in,interpret or otherwise perform literary or artistic worksor expressions of folklore; (ii) in the case of aphonogram the producer being the person or legal entitywho first fixes the sounds of a performance or othersounds; and, (iii) in the case of broadcasts, theorganization that transmits the broadcast.
8. "Work" means the literary and/orartistic work offered under the terms of this Licenseincluding without limitation any production in theliterary, scientific and artistic domain, whatever may bethe mode or form of its expression including digitalform, such as a book, pamphlet and other writing; alecture, address, sermon or other work of the samenature; a dramatic or dramatico-musical work; achoreographic work or entertainment in dumb show; amusical composition with or without words; acinematographic work to which are assimilated worksexpressed by a process analogous to cinematography; awork of drawing, painting, architecture, sculpture,engraving or lithography; a photographic work to whichare assimilated works expressed by a process analogous tophotography; a work of applied art; an illustration, map,plan, sketch or three-dimensional work relative togeography, topography, architecture or science; aperformance; a broadcast; a phonogram; a compilation ofdata to the extent it is protected as a copyrightablework; or a work performed by a variety or circusperformer to the extent it is not otherwise considered aliterary or artistic work.
9. "You" means an individual or entityexercising rights under this License who has notpreviously violated the terms of this License withrespect to the Work, or who has received expresspermission from the Licensor to exercise rights underthis License despite a previous violation.
10. "Publicly Perform" means to performpublic recitations of the Work and to communicate to thepublic those public recitations, by any means or process,including by wire or wireless means or public digitalperformances; to make available to the public Works insuch a way that members of the public may access theseWorks from a place and at a place individually chosen bythem; to perform the Work to the public by any means orprocess and the communication to the public of theperformances of the Work, including by public digitalperformance; to broadcast and rebroadcast the Work by anymeans including signs, sounds or images.
11. "Reproduce" means to make copies ofthe Work by any means including without limitation bysound or visual recordings and the right of fixation andreproducing fixations of the Work, including storage of aprotected performance or phonogram in digital form orother electronic medium.

2. Fair Dealing Rights. Nothing in thisLicense is intended to reduce, limit, or restrict any usesfree from copyright or rights arising from limitations orexceptions that are provided for in connection with thecopyright protection under copyright law or otherapplicable laws.
3. License Grant. Subject to the termsand conditions of this License, Licensor hereby grants Youa worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual (forthe duration of the applicable copyright) license toexercise the rights in the Work as stated below:

1. to Reproduce the Work, to incorporate the Work intoone or more Collections, and to Reproduce the Work asincorporated in the Collections;
2. to create and Reproduce Adaptations provided that anysuch Adaptation, including any translation in any medium,takes reasonable steps to clearly label, demarcate orotherwise identify that changes were made to the originalWork. For example, a translation could be marked "Theoriginal work was translated from English to Spanish," ora modification could indicate "The original work has beenmodified.";
3. to Distribute and Publicly Perform the Work includingas incorporated in Collections; and,
4. to Distribute and Publicly Perform Adaptations.
5. For the avoidance of doubt:

    1. Non-waivable Compulsory LicenseSchemes. In those jurisdictions in which theright to collect royalties through any statutory orcompulsory licensing scheme cannot be waived, theLicensor reserves the exclusive right to collect suchroyalties for any exercise by You of the rightsgranted under this License;
    2. Waivable Compulsory LicenseSchemes. In those jurisdictions in which theright to collect royalties through any statutory orcompulsory licensing scheme can be waived, theLicensor waives the exclusive right to collect suchroyalties for any exercise by You of the rightsgranted under this License; and,
    3. Voluntary License Schemes. TheLicensor waives the right to collect royalties,whether individually or, in the event that theLicensor is a member of a collecting society thatadministers voluntary licensing schemes, via thatsociety, from any exercise by You of the rightsgranted under this License.



The above rights may be exercised in all media andformats whether now known or hereafter devised. The aboverights include the right to make such modifications as aretechnically necessary to exercise the rights in other mediaand formats. Subject to Section 8(f), all rights notexpressly granted by Licensor are hereby reserved.
4. Restrictions. The license granted inSection 3 above is expressly made subject to and limited bythe following restrictions:

1. You may Distribute or Publicly Perform the Work onlyunder the terms of this License. You must include a copyof, or the Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) for, thisLicense with every copy of the Work You Distribute orPublicly Perform. You may not offer or impose any termson the Work that restrict the terms of this License orthe ability of the recipient of the Work to exercise therights granted to that recipient under the terms of theLicense. You may not sublicense the Work. You must keepintact all notices that refer to this License and to thedisclaimer of warranties with every copy of the Work YouDistribute or Publicly Perform. When You Distribute orPublicly Perform the Work, You may not impose anyeffective technological measures on the Work thatrestrict the ability of a recipient of the Work from Youto exercise the rights granted to that recipient underthe terms of the License. This Section 4(a) applies tothe Work as incorporated in a Collection, but this doesnot require the Collection apart from the Work itself tobe made subject to the terms of this License. If Youcreate a Collection, upon notice from any Licensor Youmust, to the extent practicable, remove from theCollection any credit as required by Section 4(c), asrequested. If You create an Adaptation, upon notice fromany Licensor You must, to the extent practicable, removefrom the Adaptation any credit as required by Section4(c), as requested.
2. You may Distribute or Publicly Perform an Adaptationonly under the terms of: (i) this License; (ii) a laterversion of this License with the same License Elements asthis License; (iii) a Creative Commons jurisdictionlicense (either this or a later license version) thatcontains the same License Elements as this License (e.g.,Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 US)); (iv) a Creative CommonsCompatible License. If you license the Adaptation underone of the licenses mentioned in (iv), you must complywith the terms of that license. If you license theAdaptation under the terms of any of the licensesmentioned in (i), (ii) or (iii) (the "ApplicableLicense"), you must comply with the terms of theApplicable License generally and the followingprovisions: (I) You must include a copy of, or the URIfor, the Applicable License with every copy of eachAdaptation You Distribute or Publicly Perform; (II) Youmay not offer or impose any terms on the Adaptation thatrestrict the terms of the Applicable License or theability of the recipient of the Adaptation to exercisethe rights granted to that recipient under the terms ofthe Applicable License; (III) You must keep intact allnotices that refer to the Applicable License and to thedisclaimer of warranties with every copy of the Work asincluded in the Adaptation You Distribute or PubliclyPerform; (IV) when You Distribute or Publicly Perform theAdaptation, You may not impose any effectivetechnological measures on the Adaptation that restrictthe ability of a recipient of the Adaptation from You toexercise the rights granted to that recipient under theterms of the Applicable License. This Section 4(b)applies to the Adaptation as incorporated in aCollection, but this does not require the Collectionapart from the Adaptation itself to be made subject tothe terms of the Applicable License.
3. If You Distribute, or Publicly Perform the Work orany Adaptations or Collections, You must, unless arequest has been made pursuant to Section 4(a), keepintact all copyright notices for the Work and provide,reasonable to the medium or means You are utilizing: (i)the name of the Original Author (or pseudonym, ifapplicable) if supplied, and/or if the Original Authorand/or Licensor designate another party or parties (e.g.,a sponsor institute, publishing entity, journal) forattribution ("Attribution Parties") in Licensor'scopyright notice, terms of service or by other reasonablemeans, the name of such party or parties; (ii) the titleof the Work if supplied; (iii) to the extent reasonablypracticable, the URI, if any, that Licensor specifies tobe associated with the Work, unless such URI does notrefer to the copyright notice or licensing informationfor the Work; and (iv) , consistent with Ssection 3(b),in the case of an Adaptation, a credit identifying theuse of the Work in the Adaptation (e.g., "Frenchtranslation of the Work by Original Author," or"Screenplay based on original Work by Original Author").The credit required by this Section 4(c) may beimplemented in any reasonable manner; provided, however,that in the case of a Adaptation or Collection, at aminimum such credit will appear, if a credit for allcontributing authors of the Adaptation or Collectionappears, then as part of these credits and in a manner atleast as prominent as the credits for the othercontributing authors. For the avoidance of doubt, You mayonly use the credit required by this Section for thepurpose of attribution in the manner set out above and,by exercising Your rights under this License, You may notimplicitly or explicitly assert or imply any connectionwith, sponsorship or endorsement by the Original Author,Licensor and/or Attribution Parties, as appropriate, ofYou or Your use of the Work, without the separate,express prior written permission of the Original Author,Licensor and/or Attribution Parties.
4. Except as otherwise agreed in writing by the Licensoror as may be otherwise permitted by applicable law, ifYou Reproduce, Distribute or Publicly Perform the Workeither by itself or as part of any Adaptations orCollections, You must not distort, mutilate, modify ortake other derogatory action in relation to the Workwhich would be prejudicial to the Original Author's honoror reputation. Licensor agrees that in thosejurisdictions (e.g. Japan), in which any exercise of theright granted in Section 3(b) of this License (the rightto make Adaptations) would be deemed to be a distortion,mutilation, modification or other derogatory actionprejudicial to the Original Author's honor andreputation, the Licensor will waive or not assert, asappropriate, this Section, to the fullest extentpermitted by the applicable national law, to enable Youto reasonably exercise Your right under Section 3(b) ofthis License (right to make Adaptations) but nototherwise.

5. Representations, Warranties andDisclaimer
UNLESS OTHERWISE MUTUALLY AGREED TO BY THE PARTIES INWRITING, LICENSOR OFFERS THE WORK AS-IS AND MAKES NOREPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THEWORK, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING,WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTIBILITY,FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR THEABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS, ACCURACY, OR THEPRESENCE OF ABSENCE OF ERRORS, WHETHER OR NOT DISCOVERABLE.SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIEDWARRANTIES, SO SUCH EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
6. Limitation on Liability. EXCEPT TOTHE EXTENT REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILLLICENSOR BE LIABLE TO YOU ON ANY LEGAL THEORY FOR ANYSPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARYDAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS LICENSE OR THE USE OF THE WORK,EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OFSUCH DAMAGES.
7. Termination

1. This License and the rights granted hereunder willterminate automatically upon any breach by You of theterms of this License. Individuals or entities who havereceived Adaptations or Collections from You under thisLicense, however, will not have their licenses terminatedprovided such individuals or entities remain in fullcompliance with those licenses. Sections 1, 2, 5, 6, 7,and 8 will survive any termination of this License.
2. Subject to the above terms and conditions, thelicense granted here is perpetual (for the duration ofthe applicable copyright in the Work). Notwithstandingthe above, Licensor reserves the right to release theWork under different license terms or to stopdistributing the Work at any time; provided, however thatany such election will not serve to withdraw this License(or any other license that has been, or is required tobe, granted under the terms of this License), and thisLicense will continue in full force and effect unlessterminated as stated above.

8. Miscellaneous

1. Each time You Distribute or Publicly Perform the Workor a Collection, the Licensor offers to the recipient alicense to the Work on the same terms and conditions asthe license granted to You under this License.
2. Each time You Distribute or Publicly Perform anAdaptation, Licensor offers to the recipient a license tothe original Work on the same terms and conditions as thelicense granted to You under this License.
3. If any provision of this License is invalid orunenforceable under applicable law, it shall not affectthe validity or enforceability of the remainder of theterms of this License, and without further action by theparties to this agreement, such provision shall bereformed to the minimum extent necessary to make suchprovision valid and enforceable.
4. No term or provision of this License shall be deemedwaived and no breach consented to unless such waiver orconsent shall be in writing and signed by the party to becharged with such waiver or consent.
5. This License constitutes the entire agreement betweenthe parties with respect to the Work licensed here. Thereare no understandings, agreements or representations withrespect to the Work not specified here. Licensor shallnot be bound by any additional provisions that may appearin any communication from You. This License may not bemodified without the mutual written agreement of theLicensor and You.
6. The rights granted under, and the subject matterreferenced, in this License were drafted utilizing theterminology of the Berne Convention for the Protection ofLiterary and Artistic Works (as amended on September 28,1979), the Rome Convention of 1961, the WIPO CopyrightTreaty of 1996, the WIPO Performances and PhonogramsTreaty of 1996 and the Universal Copyright Convention (asrevised on July 24, 1971). These rights and subjectmatter take effect in the relevant jurisdiction in whichthe License terms are sought to be enforced according tothe corresponding provisions of the implementation ofthose treaty provisions in the applicable national law.If the standard suite of rights granted under applicablecopyright law includes additional rights not grantedunder this License, such additional rights are deemed tobe included in the License; this License is not intendedto restrict the license of any rights under applicablelaw.

